Hello dear friends with you like
Today we have a review of mods
today's mod will add minecraft
only 4 subjects
well then you guessed it
small backpack that holds
just the same items as in the small
a chest and a large backpack in which
holds as many items as and
in a large chest well start on whom
crafting a small chest is done very
just from ordinary skin we put it in
this order and we get small
a small backpack can do it
any color as we want done click
here's a red black that I carry well, but
big it is a little bit more complicated
for this we need ordinary skin and
we put the thread in this order
we get here one how would stitched skin
Something like this
we need to do this at 8 we take 8 and
what next to do with it is no longer
it will turn out to be done
melt down after the break after
remelting if we get this
skin
already from it we will make a big backpack
this large backpack is also possible
do any color that's all with you was
ray
subscribe put likes
comment to everyone bye